---
title: About Me
author: Joshua Ngo
date: 2019-04-27
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

### <b>About:</b>
An experienced and motivated individual. Emcompassing a versatile skill set such as customer service, strong communication and organisational skills, and cohesive teamwork capabilities. Demonstrated strong leadership in group projects and handling pressure situations on the job. Adept at changing situations and scenerios to improve overall outcome.

### <b>Core Qualifications:</b>
* Engineering Experience (Hardware, Software, Servicing, Quality Assurance)
* Team Leadership
* Project Management
* Strong Computer skills
* Flexible and Adaptive

### <b>Experience:</b>

#### <u>Graduate Software Quality Assurance Engineer</u>
@ <i>Axxin PTY LTD | Jul-2020 to Present</i>
* Working with diagnostic products for biomedical applications, testing functionality, software and their limitations to ensure an ideal product for consumers
* Prepare, document and execute software verification and validation protocols
* Specifying and preparing test data
* Manual test execution, recording of test results and report test progress.
* Logging defects and producing defect reports
* Manage software defect status and report to management on schedules of defect resolution. Work with product & software development team to resolve defects
* Documentation including test reports, procedures and any other testing related documents. (Microsoft Word, Excel)

#### <u>Field Service Biomedical Engineer</u>
@ <i>Cabrini Health/In-A-Tick | March 2018 to March 2019</i>
* Operating in both Medical and Non-Medical equipment for major consumers such as Army Bases and Royal Melbourne Hospital, and minor consumers such as Sonic Health and Monash University.
* Completed over 95% of modules and assessments required for on-site applications
* Achieved over 95% of efficient service level, 90% of spare parts DIFOT and satisfied over 95% of customers.
* With excellent service and customer satisfaction, we were able to renew contracts with many companies to continue efficient service.

#### <u>Intern/Research Assistant</u>
@ <i>Ecole Polytechnique de Montreal and CHU Sainte Justine Research Centre | January 2017 to June 2017</i>
* This internship involved conducting research on prosthetics through methods of 3D Prototyping and Printing and reporting to supervisors with significant results weekly at both CHU Sainte-Justine and École Polytechnique de Montréal.
* A prosthetic hand was developed through 3D Printing alongwith mechanical implementations to allow individuals with loss of dexterity in their hands and amputees. The project was transferred to the final year capstone assessment of Bachelor of Biomedical Engineering.


[1]: https://pages.github.com
